README.md, before:

# GitHub Profile Achievements 🏆

A collection listing all Achievements available on the GitHub profile.

Following the launch of the first Mars Helicopter, [Ingenuity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingenuity_(helicopter)), GitHub [announced](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) the new Achievements section:

> We are also using this opportunity to introduce a new Achievements section to the GitHub profile. Right now, Achievements include the Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission badge, the [Arctic Code Vault](https://archiveprogram.github.com/arctic-vault/) badge, and a badge for sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors).

This repository attempts to list them all.

**2022-06-09:** GitHub [announced more Achievements](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), but without specific criteria. If you see something not listed here or is incorrect, please open an issue :)

Don't like the Achievements? [Here](https://docs.github.com/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/managing-contribution-settings-on-your-profile/showing-your-private-contributions-and-achievements-on-your-profile#changing-the-visibility-of-achievements) is how to disable them. [Direct link to the setting for your convenience](https://github.com/settings/profile#profile-settings-heading).

## Achievements

| Title | Badge | Earnable? | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Pair Extraordinaire | ![Pair Extraordinaire Badge](/images/pair-extraordinaire-default.png) | ✔️ | [Coauthored](https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-and-editing-commits/creating-a-commit-with-multiple-authors) in a merged pull request
Quickdraw | ![Quickdraw Badge](/images/quickdraw-default.png) | ✔️ | Closed an issue or a pull request within 5 min of opening
Starstruck | ![Starstruck Badge](/images/starstruck-default.png) | ✔️ | Created a repository that has 16 stars
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Galaxy Brain | ![Galaxy Brain Badge](/images/galaxy-brain-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 accepted answers
Pull Shark | ![Pull Shark Badge](/images/pull-shark-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 pull requests merged
YOLO | ![YOLO Badge](/images/yolo-default.png) | ✔️ | Merged a pull request without code review
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/arctic-code-vault-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories in the [2020 GitHub Archive Program](https://archiveprogram.github.com/)
Public Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/public-sponsor-default.png) | ✔️ | Sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors)
Mars 2020 Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/mars-2020-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories used in the [Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission](https://github.com/readme/nasa-ingenuity-helicopter)

## Tiers

Some Achievements not only have the base version, but also tiers.

| Title | Tier | Badge | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Pair Extraordinaire x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Pair Extraordinaire Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/pair-extraordinaire-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Coauthored in 10 merged pull requests
Pair Extraordinaire x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Pair Extraordinaire Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/pair-extraordinaire-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Coauthored in 24 merged pull requests
Pair Extraordinaire x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Pair Extraordinaire Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/pair-extraordinaire-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Coauthored in 48 merged pull requests
Starstruck x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Starstruck Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/starstruck-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Created a repository that has 128 stars
Starstruck x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Starstruck Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/starstruck-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Created a repository that has 512 stars
Starstruck x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Starstruck Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/starstruck-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Created a repository that has 4096 stars
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Galaxy Brain x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Galaxy Brain Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 8 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Galaxy Brain Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 16 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Galaxy Brain Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 32 accepted answers
Pull Shark x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Pull Shark Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/pull-shark-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 16 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Pull Shark Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/pull-shark-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 128 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Pull Shark Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/pull-shark-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 1024 pull requests merged

## Official list

There ~~is~~ was an official list available in the GitHub Docs at  
<https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile> ([link to the archived version](https://web.archive.org/web/20220531023858/https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile)).  
There is still a section which includes specifics on how badges were/are awarded, e.g. which [repositories and versions qualified for the Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#list-of-qualifying-repositories-for-mars-2020-helicopter-contributor-achievement).

~~Consider this repository a mirror, maybe in the future with historic purpose.~~ Unless there will be an official list again, this is it.

## Details

### Specifics on how to achieve

For now, please refer to the [discussions](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions).  
To the best of our knowledge:

- [Galaxy Brain](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions/9#discussioncomment-2927413)
- [YOLO](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions/6#discussioncomment-2934257)

### Tier labels

Each tier has a label associated which includes a color.

| Tier | Label | Sample | Hex | Visual |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Bronze 🥉 | x2 | ![x2](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-bronze.svg) | #F9BFA7 | ![#F9BFA7](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23F9BFA7-yellow?style=flat-square&color=F9BFA7)
Silver 🥈 | x3 | ![x3](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-silver.svg) | #E1E4E4 | ![#E1E4E4](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23E1E4E4-yellow?style=flat-square&color=E1E4E4)
Gold 🥇 | x4 | ![x4](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-gold.svg) | #FAE57E | ![#FAE57E](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23FAE57E-yellow?style=flat-square&color=FAE57E)

### 100 % samples

[Here](/images/captured/complete) are screenshots of all Achievements at 100 % unlocked as seen in full in the dialog, both light and dark mode.  
See them live, including the animation some have, for example here:

| Title | Sample |
| --- | --- |
Pair Extraordinaire | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Rongronggg9](https://github.com/Rongronggg9?achievement=pair-extraordinaire&tab=achievements)
Quickdraw | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Schweinepriester](https://github.com/Schweinepriester?achievement=quickdraw&tab=achievements)
Starstruck | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @torvalds](https://github.com/torvalds?achievement=starstruck&tab=achievements)
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Galaxy Brain | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @ljharb](https://github.com/ljharb?achievement=galaxy-brain&tab=achievements)
Pull Shark | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @ljharb](https://github.com/ljharb?achievement=pull-shark&tab=achievements)
YOLO | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Schweinepriester](https://github.com/Schweinepriester?achievement=yolo&tab=achievements)
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Schweinepriester](https://github.com/Schweinepriester?tab=achievements&achievement=arctic-code-vault-contributor)
Public Sponsor | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @ljharb](https://github.com/ljharb?tab=achievements&achievement=public-sponsor)
Mars 2020 Contributor | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @torvalds](https://github.com/torvalds?achievement=mars-2020-contributor&tab=achievements)

Do you know a user with all Achievements at the same time? Let me know!

### Variants

[Here](/images/variants) are the variants of Badges including the [Octocat :octocat:](https://github.com/logos) based on [the setting](https://github.com/settings/appearance#emoji-heading) for the [Emoji skin tone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emoji#Skin_color) [✌️](https://emojipedia.org/victory-hand/)[✌🏻✌🏼✌🏽✌🏾✌🏿](https://emojipedia.org/emoji-modifier-sequence/).

## Highlights

The Highlights section below the Achievements including the corresponding badges is currently [best documented in the official GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile).

## Previous versions

### 2021-04-19 - 2022-06-09

From the [start with Ingenuity on 2021-04-19](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) until the [additions on 2022-06-09](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), the first three Achievements had slightly different designs and names. In other words, they were overhauled on 2022-06-09.

```diff
- GitHub Sponsor
+ Public Sponsor
- Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor
+ Mars 2020 Contributor
```

Here are the old designs and names:

| Title | Badge |
| --- | --- |
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-arctic-code-vault-small.png)
GitHub Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-sponsors-small.png)
Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-mars-2020-small.png)

Commit message:

preliminary add Heart On Your Sleeve & Open S
https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions/469

README.md, after:

# GitHub Profile Achievements 🏆

A collection listing all Achievements available on the GitHub profile.

Following the launch of the first Mars Helicopter, [Ingenuity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingenuity_(helicopter)), GitHub [announced](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) the new Achievements section:

> We are also using this opportunity to introduce a new Achievements section to the GitHub profile. Right now, Achievements include the Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission badge, the [Arctic Code Vault](https://archiveprogram.github.com/arctic-vault/) badge, and a badge for sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors).

This repository attempts to list them all.

**2022-06-09:** GitHub [announced more Achievements](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), but without specific criteria. If you see something not listed here or is incorrect, please open an issue :)

Don't like the Achievements? [Here](https://docs.github.com/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/managing-contribution-settings-on-your-profile/showing-your-private-contributions-and-achievements-on-your-profile#changing-the-visibility-of-achievements) is how to disable them. [Direct link to the setting for your convenience](https://github.com/settings/profile#profile-settings-heading).

## Achievements

| Title | Badge | Earnable? | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Heart On Your Sleeve | ![Heart On Your Sleeve Badge](/images/heart-on-your-sleeve-default.png) | ? | ?
Open S… | ? | ? | ?
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Pair Extraordinaire | ![Pair Extraordinaire Badge](/images/pair-extraordinaire-default.png) | ✔️ | [Coauthored](https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-and-editing-commits/creating-a-commit-with-multiple-authors) in a merged pull request
Quickdraw | ![Quickdraw Badge](/images/quickdraw-default.png) | ✔️ | Closed an issue or a pull request within 5 min of opening
Starstruck | ![Starstruck Badge](/images/starstruck-default.png) | ✔️ | Created a repository that has 16 stars
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Galaxy Brain | ![Galaxy Brain Badge](/images/galaxy-brain-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 accepted answers
Pull Shark | ![Pull Shark Badge](/images/pull-shark-default.png) | ✔️ | 2 pull requests merged
YOLO | ![YOLO Badge](/images/yolo-default.png) | ✔️ | Merged a pull request without code review
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/arctic-code-vault-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories in the [2020 GitHub Archive Program](https://archiveprogram.github.com/)
Public Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/public-sponsor-default.png) | ✔️ | Sponsoring open source work via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors)
Mars 2020 Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/mars-2020-contributor-default.png) | ❌ | Contributed code to repositories used in the [Mars 2020 Helicopter Mission](https://github.com/readme/nasa-ingenuity-helicopter)

## Tiers

Some Achievements not only have the base version, but also tiers.

| Title | Tier | Badge | Earned by |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
Pair Extraordinaire x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Pair Extraordinaire Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/pair-extraordinaire-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Coauthored in 10 merged pull requests
Pair Extraordinaire x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Pair Extraordinaire Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/pair-extraordinaire-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Coauthored in 24 merged pull requests
Pair Extraordinaire x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Pair Extraordinaire Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/pair-extraordinaire-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Coauthored in 48 merged pull requests
Starstruck x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Starstruck Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/starstruck-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Created a repository that has 128 stars
Starstruck x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Starstruck Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/starstruck-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Created a repository that has 512 stars
Starstruck x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Starstruck Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/starstruck-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | Created a repository that has 4096 stars
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Galaxy Brain x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Galaxy Brain Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 8 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Galaxy Brain Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 16 accepted answers
Galaxy Brain x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Galaxy Brain Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/galaxy-brain-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 32 accepted answers
Pull Shark x2 | Bronze 🥉 | <img alt="Pull Shark Bronze Badge" src="/images/tiers/pull-shark-bronze.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 16 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x3 | Silver 🥈 | <img alt="Pull Shark Silver Badge" src="/images/tiers/pull-shark-silver.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 128 pull requests merged
Pull Shark x4 | Gold 🥇 | <img alt="Pull Shark Gold Badge" src="/images/tiers/pull-shark-gold.png" style="width: 180px;"> | 1024 pull requests merged

## Official list

There ~~is~~ was an official list available in the GitHub Docs at  
<https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile> ([link to the archived version](https://web.archive.org/web/20220531023858/https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile)).  
There is still a section which includes specifics on how badges were/are awarded, e.g. which [repositories and versions qualified for the Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#list-of-qualifying-repositories-for-mars-2020-helicopter-contributor-achievement).

~~Consider this repository a mirror, maybe in the future with historic purpose.~~ Unless there will be an official list again, this is it.

## Details

### Specifics on how to achieve

For now, please refer to the [discussions](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions).  
To the best of our knowledge:

- [Galaxy Brain](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions/9#discussioncomment-2927413)
- [YOLO](https://github.com/Schweinepriester/github-profile-achievements/discussions/6#discussioncomment-2934257)

### Tier labels

Each tier has a label associated which includes a color.

| Tier | Label | Sample | Hex | Visual |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Bronze 🥉 | x2 | ![x2](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-bronze.svg) | #F9BFA7 | ![#F9BFA7](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23F9BFA7-yellow?style=flat-square&color=F9BFA7)
Silver 🥈 | x3 | ![x3](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-silver.svg) | #E1E4E4 | ![#E1E4E4](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23E1E4E4-yellow?style=flat-square&color=E1E4E4)
Gold 🥇 | x4 | ![x4](/images/custom/tier-label/tier-label-gold.svg) | #FAE57E | ![#FAE57E](https://img.shields.io/badge/-%F0%9F%8E%A8%EF%B8%8E%20%23FAE57E-yellow?style=flat-square&color=FAE57E)

### 100 % samples

[Here](/images/captured/complete) are screenshots of all Achievements at 100 % unlocked as seen in full in the dialog, both light and dark mode.  
See them live, including the animation some have, for example here:

| Title | Sample |
| --- | --- |
Pair Extraordinaire | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Rongronggg9](https://github.com/Rongronggg9?achievement=pair-extraordinaire&tab=achievements)
Quickdraw | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Schweinepriester](https://github.com/Schweinepriester?achievement=quickdraw&tab=achievements)
Starstruck | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @torvalds](https://github.com/torvalds?achievement=starstruck&tab=achievements)
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Galaxy Brain | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @ljharb](https://github.com/ljharb?achievement=galaxy-brain&tab=achievements)
Pull Shark | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @ljharb](https://github.com/ljharb?achievement=pull-shark&tab=achievements)
YOLO | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Schweinepriester](https://github.com/Schweinepriester?achievement=yolo&tab=achievements)
||| <!-- this empty row is intentional to separate -->
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @Schweinepriester](https://github.com/Schweinepriester?tab=achievements&achievement=arctic-code-vault-contributor)
Public Sponsor | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @ljharb](https://github.com/ljharb?tab=achievements&achievement=public-sponsor)
Mars 2020 Contributor | [Live 100 % unlocked sample by @torvalds](https://github.com/torvalds?achievement=mars-2020-contributor&tab=achievements)

Do you know a user with all Achievements at the same time? Let me know!

### Variants

[Here](/images/variants) are the variants of Badges including the [Octocat :octocat:](https://github.com/logos) based on [the setting](https://github.com/settings/appearance#emoji-heading) for the [Emoji skin tone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emoji#Skin_color) [✌️](https://emojipedia.org/victory-hand/)[✌🏻✌🏼✌🏽✌🏾✌🏿](https://emojipedia.org/emoji-modifier-sequence/).

## Highlights

The Highlights section below the Achievements including the corresponding badges is currently [best documented in the official GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile#displaying-badges-on-your-profile).

## Previous versions

### 2021-04-19 - 2022-06-09

From the [start with Ingenuity on 2021-04-19](https://github.blog/2021-04-19-open-source-goes-to-mars/) until the [additions on 2022-06-09](https://github.blog/2022-06-09-introducing-achievements-recognizing-the-many-stages-of-a-developers-coding-journey/), the first three Achievements had slightly different designs and names. In other words, they were overhauled on 2022-06-09.

```diff
- GitHub Sponsor
+ Public Sponsor
- Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor
+ Mars 2020 Contributor
```

Here are the old designs and names:

| Title | Badge |
| --- | --- |
Arctic Code Vault Contributor | ![Arctic Code Vault Contributor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-arctic-code-vault-small.png)
GitHub Sponsor | ![GitHub Sponsor Achievement Badge](/images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-sponsors-small.png)
Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor | ![Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor Achievement Badge](images/2021-04-19-2022-06-09/badge-mars-2020-small.png)
